Expose OIDC and JWT events (#187)
okta/okta-aspnet: docs/aspnetcore-mvc.md

    return RedirectToAction("Index", "Home");
}
```

> The Okta.AspNetCore library will include your identity provider id in the authorize URL and the user will prompted with the identity provider login. For more information, check out our guides to [add an external identity provider](https://developer.okta.com/docs/guides/add-an-external-idp/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Okta.AspNetCore library will includes your identity provider id in the authorize URL and the user is prompted with the identity provider login. For more information, check out our guides to [add an external identity provider](https://developer.okta.com/docs/guides/add-an-external-idp/).
```

| Scope                     | No           | The OAuth 2.0/OpenID Connect scopes to request when logging in. The default value is `openid profile`. |
| GetClaimsFromUserInfoEndpoint | No       | Whether to retrieve additional claims from the UserInfo endpoint after login. The default value is `true`. |
| ClockSkew                 | No           | The clock skew allowed when validating tokens. The default value is 2 minutes. |
| Proxy                     | No           | An object describing proxy server configuration.  Properties are `Host`, `Port`, `Username` and `Password` |

> |OpenIdConnectEvents | No |  Specifies the [events](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.authentication.remoteauthenticationevents.onremotefailure) which the underlying OpenIdConnectHandler invokes to enable developer control over the authentication process.|

Reviewer 2: This link to the MS docs looks not correct. Should be probably this https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.authentication.openidconnect.openidconnectevents

Author: good catch 👍
